Deep Learning in Python

What is deep learning? Deep learning is a subset of machine learning, which is essentially a neural network with three or more layers. These neural networks attempt to simulate the behavior of the human brain—albeit far from matching its ability—allowing it to “learn” from large amounts of data

Deep learning is a class of machine learning algorithms that uses multiple layers to progressively extract higher-level features from the raw input. For example, in image processing, lower layers may identify edges, while higher layers may identify the concepts relevant to a human such as digits or letters or faces.


https://www.manning.com/books/deep-learning-with-python

Keras
https://keras.io/about/

Keras is a deep learning API written in Python, running on top of the machine learning platform TensorFlow. It was developed with a focus on enabling fast experimentation. Being able to go from idea to result as fast as possible is key to doing good research.

Keras is:

Simple -- but not simplistic. Keras reduces developer cognitive load to free you to focus on the parts of the problem that really matter.
Flexible -- Keras adopts the principle of progressive disclosure of complexity: simple workflows should be quick and easy, while arbitrarily advanced workflows should be possible via a clear path that builds upon what you've already learned.
Powerful -- Keras provides industry-strength performance and scalability: it is used by organizations and companies including NASA, YouTube, or Waymo.
Keras & TensorFlow 2
TensorFlow 2 is an end-to-end, open-source machine learning platform. You can think of it as an infrastructure layer for differentiable programming. It combines four key abilities:

Efficiently executing low-level tensor operations on CPU, GPU, or TPU.
Computing the gradient of arbitrary differentiable expressions.
Scaling computation to many devices, such as clusters of hundreds of GPUs.
Exporting programs ("graphs") to external runtimes such as servers, browsers, mobile and embedded devices.
Keras is the high-level API of TensorFlow 2: an approachable, highly-productive interface for solving machine learning problems, with a focus on modern deep learning. It provides essential abstractions and building blocks for developing and shipping machine learning solutions with high iteration velocity.

Keras empowers engineers and researchers to take full advantage of the scalability and cross-platform capabilities of TensorFlow 2: you can run Keras on TPU or on large clusters of GPUs, and you can export your Keras models to run in the browser or on a mobile device.